Update ReadMe file for puppeteer tests folder (#15730)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: tests/puppeteer/README.md

## How to install your environment

```bash
# Clone Prestashop
git clone https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/
# Install dependencies in puppeteer folder
cd tests/puppeteer/
npm install
```

## Available command line parameters
| Parameter           | Description      |
|---------------------|----------------- |
| URL_FO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Front Office (default to **`http://localhost:8080/`**) |
| URL_BO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Back Office (default to **`URL_FO + admin-dev/`**) |

> | URL_INSTALL         | URL of your PrestaShop website Front Office (default to **`URL_FO + install-dev/`**) |

Reviewer: Wrong description of the URL, it's about the Install 
```suggestion
| URL_INSTALL         | URL of the Install folder (default to **`URL_FO + install-dev/`**) |
```

| LOGIN               | LOGIN of your PrestaShop website (default to **`demo@prestashop.com`**) |
| PASSWD              | PASSWD of your PrestaShop website (default to **`prestashop_demo`**) |
| SHOPNAME            | Shop Name of tour PrestaShop (default to **`Prestashop`**) |
| DB_USER             | Login user of your MySql (default to **`root`**) |
| DB_PASSWD           | Password for your MySql (default to **`empty`**) |
| HEADLESS            | Boolean to run tests in headless or not (default to **`true`**) |

> Before Running tests, you should install your shop manually or run the install script **`campaigns/sanity/01_installShop/*`** with [specific test command](README.md#specific-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running tests, you should install your shop manually or run the install script **`campaigns/sanity/01_installShop/*`** with the [`specific-test` command](README.md#specific-test).
```

## Sanity tests 

> This campaign includes a non-exhaustive set of tests and it will ensure that the most important functions work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This campaign includes a non-exhaustive set of tests and will ensure that the most important functions work.
```

### Launch all scripts
If you want to run all sanity tests, you can run scripts in **`campaigns/sanity/*`**

#### With default values

```bash
npm run sanity-tests
```

#### With custom values
You can add parameters that you need in the beginning of your command 
```bash
HEADLESS=false URL_BO="Your_Shop_URL_BO" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run sanity-tests
```

### Stop tests when first step in failed

> If you want to run all sanity tests, and stop tests when first step is failed, you can use the travis command for sanity tests

Reviewer: Maybe explain what it changes ? 
```suggestion
If you want to run all sanity tests "safely", you can use the Travis-specific command : this will add the Mocha `--bail` parameter which stops the campaign when the first test fails.
```

```bash
npm run sanity-travis
```

## Specific test 
If you want to run only one test from the campaign or a couple of tests in the same folder, you can use **`specific-test`** command.

> To specify which test tu run, you can add **`TEST_PATH`** parameter in the beginning of the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify which test to run, you can add the **`TEST_PATH`** parameter in the beginning of the command
```

```bash

> # To Run test filter Products from sanity campaign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To run the **Filter Products** test from sanity campaign
```

TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/01_filterProducts" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test

> # To Run all tests Products BO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To run all **Products BO** tests 
```

TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/*" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test
```

## LinkChecker

> This script will detect not found and erroneous pages, by crawling your back office and front office

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will detect not found and erroneous pages, by crawling your back office and front office. It's still a Work In Progress.
```
